Add declarativeNetRequest (DNR) + MV3 examples (#526)
mdn/webextensions-examples: dnr-redirect-url/README.md

# dnr-redirect-url

Demonstrates multiple ways to redirect requests using the declarativeNetRequest
API through the `declarative_net_request` manifest key. Demonstrates aspects of
Manifest Version 3 (MV3): action, host_permissions, web_accessible_resources.

## What it does

This extension redirects requests from the example.com domain to other destinations:

- example.com/ to `redirectTarget.html` packaged with the extension.
- example.com/ew to extensionworkshop.com

> - https://www.example.com/[anything] to the same URL but the domain changed to example.com and `?redirected_from_www=1` appended to the URL.

Author: I created this example first and forgot to do the wrapping. I'll fix this up before merging.

> - URLs matching regular expression `^https?://([^?]+)$` to the same URL but with scheme changed to https and `?redirected_by_regex` appended.

Author: Yes, the pattern matches http and https.

> - URLs matching regular expression `^https?://([^?]+)$` to the same URL but with scheme changed to https and `?redirected_by_regex` appended.

Author: I addressed this by changing the sentence to:
```suggestion
- example.com URLs matching regular expression `^https?://([^?]+)$` to the same URL but with the
  scheme set to `https:` (if it was `http:` before), and with `?redirected_by_regex` appended.
```
